JS: change the precision of the `js/unsafe-external-link` query to `low` (#16002)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/src/change-notes/2024-03-21-target-blank-precision.md

---
category: queryMetadata
---

> * The `@precision` of the `js/unsafe-external-link` has been lowered to `low` to reflect that modern browsers do not provider the `opener` attribute and thus mitigate the potential security risk of having a link with `target="_blank"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `@precision` of the `js/unsafe-external-link` has been reduced to `low` to reflect the fact that modern browsers do not expose the opening window for such links. This mitigates the potential security risk of having a link with `target="_blank"`.
```
